# README
info about our mission statement, philosophy, philanthropy and things that u can do to help become a member of T.G.M.

12/03/16 - El Taco Gestapo Mob was instantiated.

12/04/16 - T.G.M. is currently a solo effort, if you would like to contribute please fork any of these T.G.M. projects. All pull requests will be considered in the order they are received. Currently there are no secure coms open, that will change soon. there will be a status update every evening until every bulleted point on the checklist is tested, optimized, and deployed. v1.0 of all the breakfast code will be showing up before 12/11/16. All T.G. code, with the exception of the BreakfastOS, is written in Typsecript2, and Anuglar2 and the cli project for Angular2. you can read more at http://cli.angular.io. We are presently seeking legitimate endorsements on the underground channels. please do not attempt to contact us anywhere but github, your messages will bounce and we'll never see them. today was a productive day, I took a 2 hour walk and drank 1/2 a beer, about 1g of 30% THC flowers, 0.5mg of Alprazolam at 4pm.

12/04/16 - We are releasing a press release and informing Google inc. that we are developing tools to help them patch security issues as fast as possible. Currently to this date, we have made 0 contribution to any of the angular2 projects. There's a very good chance that we never will. T.G.M. tests all software in a LAN. We will never use this on the general public internet. It is not our intention to disrupt, scare or interfere with anyone on the internet. However, all of these tools are FREE as in WEED. So, If you think you can do it without getting caught, please proceed. at some point we will have a logging web app, that tracks results in the wild. thank you for reading this and staying up to date. all for now. have a nice night.

